Transform get-git-folder into git-utility with xgit command and submodule management (#4)
idea2app/Git-utility: ReadMe.md

> # Git Utility

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Git utility
```

> A **Git utility CLI tool** with file download and submodule management capabilities

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A **Git utility CLI tool** with some missing sub commands
```

> [![NPM Dependency](https://img.shields.io/librariesio/github/idea2app/get-git-folder.svg)][2]
> [![CI & CD](https://github.com/idea2app/get-git-folder/actions/workflows/main.yml/badge.svg)][3]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[![NPM Dependency](https://img.shields.io/librariesio/github/idea2app/Git-utility.svg)][2]
[![CI & CD](https://github.com/idea2app/Git-utility/actions/workflows/main.yml/badge.svg)][3]
```
